Add notebook guidelines (#316)
chanzuckerberg/cell-census: docs/cell_census_notebook_guidelines.md

# Cell Census API notebook/vignette editorial guidelines

API demonstration code that is part of the documentation should be deposited here: 

- Python notebooks [`cell-census/api/python/notebooks`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cell-census/tree/main/api/python/notebooks)
- R vignettes [`cell-census/api/r/CellCensus/vignettes`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cell-census/tree/main/api/r/CellCensus/vignettes)

> These assets are user-facing and are automatically rendered to the doc-sites, they are one of the main form users get onboarded on the product. Thus the following guidelines need to be followed to ensure readability and a consistent experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These assets are user-facing and are automatically rendered to the doc-sites, they are one of the primary means by which users get onboarded to the product. Thus the following guidelines need to be followed to ensure readability and a consistent experience.
```

## Guidelines

### Title

* It must use the highest-level markdown header `#`.

> * Unless needed it, it should not contain "Cell Census" in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unless needed, it should not contain "Cell Census".
```

:white_check_mark: `# Exploring all data from a tissue.`

:white_check_mark: `# Query and extract slices of data.`

:x: `# Census datasets presence` *not self-explanatory, has "Census" in it.*

:x: `# Normalizing full-length gene sequencing data from the Cell Census` *has "Census" in it.*

### Introduction

Introductory text must be included right underneath the title.

* It must provide a one paragraph summary of the notebook's goals.
* It must not contain an explanation of the Cell Census.

Examples: 

:white_check_mark:

> This notebook provides a demonstration for integrating two Cell Census datasets using scvi-tools. The goal is not to provide an exhaustive guide on proper integration, but to showcase what information in the Cell Census can inform data integration.

:x: *it contains a long explanation of what the Cell Census is, and the goal is not clear*

> The Cell Census is a versioned container for the single-cell data hosted at CELLxGENE Discover. The Cell Census utilizes SOMA powered by TileDB for storing, accessing, and efficiently filtering data.
>
>This notebook shows you how to learn about the Cell Census contents and how to query it.

### Table of Contents 

> Immediately after the the introduction a table of contents must be provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediately after the introduction a table of contents must be provided:
```
